where we are here in sobradinho in the pruning in the agreement with the ego the 27
I think we are so early
how to take out trash on the street
already gurizão the countries in the city
we are all rooms
if we talk about Tupã minister to produce 20 twice as fast as
the normal ones
the center of any accident that had great 27 people many die in a
Dago bag
way and cocoa
our fault for him
the cocoa
almost no seed whatsoever
in the countries that are best and I know that I am helping
here we have the largest group auchan only that the world has more than 500 thousand seeds
everything happens from 4 to 0 of the team on the right to vote
I think I'm going to show you how you can
an mpe fossa
flowers host of little pernes
the future
did you know
how to know if you can know that you have connected with
temporary funds
- so let's say with a similar proposal
It may not be well, you always dreamed.
This was how I saw it.
took his life
and a home in your online store
you can not change much
the census to its line
it takes only a little
on the map because when she has a note on the subject
works to rock
she will open saquarema
Ballad she had come
doing up there
on the second day of the week
in three weeks the violence
out if in two weeks the rate used
the sowing
the local motion
the group rpm cache
went about the conflict
in this system a house located
the talents
tons of junk medavoy produce a break-point
which strengthens our country
milk carton and over there
bottle of scallop pet in one of the dialogues
let's take tons of garbage medavoy do a lot
this work the pac donated crouching books obtained from a tree sapling
ten changes of artists is
although a basic basket the elderly of the base of ten tree seedlings
and so we save costs of the voting population of
constant of kings and food curitiba right to make tree changes
then if our country
I go more advanced technology